develop: 4 docs for optimizing sql (#8665)
pingcap/docs: develop/dev-guide-implicit-type-conversion.md

The rules for implicit type conversion in TiDB are as follows:

- If one or both arguments are `NULL`, the result of the comparison is `NULL`. The NULL-safe `<=>` equivalent comparison operator does not require conversion, because NULL `<=>` NULL results in `true`.
- If both arguments in the comparison operation are strings, they are compared as strings.
- If both arguments are integers, they are compared as integers.
- If no comparison is made with numbers, the hexadecimal value is treated as a binary string.
- If one of the arguments is a decimal value, the comparison depends on the other argument. If the other argument is a decimal or integer value, the argument is compared with the decimal value. If the other argument is a floating-point value, the argument is compared with the floating-point value.
- If one of the arguments is a `TIMESTAMP` or `DATETIME` column and the other argument is a constant, the constant is converted to a timestamp before the comparison is performed.
- In all other cases, the arguments are compared as floating-point numbers (the `DOUBLE` type).

## Consequences caused by implicit type conversion

> Implicit type conversions increase the ease of human-computer interaction. However, implicit type conversions need to be avoided in application code, because they might lead to the following issues:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Implicit type conversions increase the usability of human-computer interaction. However, avoid using implicit type conversions in application code, because they might lead to the following issues:
```
